brian elbel to go as down to the
good evening damascus here I call you to
about your ad on your villa
you sell your village or rent it
or seminars in at least 6 months at the
renting because we saw your agency
compared to your ad for the
villa cattle to which laurent blanc
several baths room where you put
villabé to go a little rustic
a little old like that well done
how did I restore nine billion
three hundred
yes ok me me I explain you
needs this life there to turn a
movie needs as soon as possible we can
put the price is no problem we pay
for we need only say that is
availability and their son it's a
horror movie in fact it takes him
explain that it would be a movie
of horror because we saw the picture on
an old house that fits perfectly
film and it must be explained to him that at the
end of the film we will demolish half of
the house half to demolish it for
create a kind of explosion
it will explode see the villa not the
demo say seen at miramas and just half
we pay the damage there is no problem that
is going to be pretty much the same price
to sell it to you see that happens
so what who told you about
shark hammer 7000 and tying them
ask how much she wants it
sell 1 9 billion five hundred he wants
same lady rented it to 7 billion
because I wrote him
the evolution of agreement then you him
say at this price yes me I demolished any
the house I agree but you
do not own sir sir I'm going
tell you that the villa we talked about
the cemac and challenges baba it's perfect no
only the local economy
I also have to the carnation